so quick back is a mass recipe I picked
out nine potatoes these are Maris paper
really good for mashing it's first of
all I'm going to peel them and then I
cut them up into roughly the same sized
chunks so they sort of oily together pop
them all into a saucepan you want them
fully submerged in water
I'm sticking on a nice high heat so I'm
using these pork and trivet smoked bacon
sausages I'm gonna grill them because I
find that a lot easier so just got out
some greens to serve with it I'm just
using some runner beans iron green beans
so once it starts boiling turn it down
you want it's over oil so my sausages
are halfway cooked I'm just gonna flip
them over so I've got the green beans on
just testing my potatoes before once
they're nice and tender you want to go
ahead and drain them so to my mashed
potatoes I usually add - tablespoon of
butter a good glug of milk tablespoon of
Hammond's light and obviously salt and
pepper to taste
and then I just start mashing
sausages are done so I'm going to pull
them out so I'm just boiling my kettle
and yes I am gonna use gravy granules I
just don't have the time moment
obviously homemade gravy is the best but
this is just a quick and easy meal for
tonight and yeah that is literally it is
pouring over my gravy you've got any
questions let me know